Add compose example (#9)
canonical/lora-basicstation-snap: companion-snap-compose/README.md

This allows us to leverage the snap ecosystem to maintain and update our Ubuntu Core devices.

To translate from environment variables to snap options, we only need to change the name or key of the configuration option.
The values remain the same.
For the variable name, change it to lower case and replace underscores with hyphens.
Then prefix it with `env.`.

Example:
`GATEWAY_EUI=DEADFFFEBEEF` becomes `env.gateway-eui=DEADFFFEBEEF`

After you have the configs in this format, you can set them one by one using the `snap set` command:

```
sudo snap set lora-basicstation env.tc-uri="wss://eu1.cloud.thethings.network:8887"
sudo snap set lora-basicstation env.tc-key=NNSXS...
```

Or with a single command:

```
sudo snap set lora-basicstation \
    env.gateway-eui=DEADFFFEBEEF \
    env.model=SX1301 \
    env.tc-key=NNSXS... \
    env.tc-uri=wss://eu1.cloud.thethings.network:8887 \
    env.device=/dev/spidev0.0 \
    env.interface=SPI \
    env.spi-speed=200000 \
    env.use-libgpiod=1 \
    env.gpio-chip=gpiochip4 \
    env.reset-gpio=22
```

> An option can be cleared with the `snap unset` command, ex:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An option can be cleared with the `snap unset` command, e.g.:
```

```
sudo snap unset lora-basicstation env.gateway-eui
```

You can also verify the options with `snap get`.
For example directly after installation you will see a number of defaults that are already set:

```
$ sudo snap get lora-basicstation env
Key            Value
env.device     /dev/spidev0.0
env.gpio-chip  gpiochip0

> ```

Reviewer: Where are these defaults set? Not in the install hook.

Author: It got dropped in the compose snap. Adding it back in to the install hook.

> This snap has the `env.device` and `env.gpio-chip` configs set by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
